https://codepen.io/sheagoodwin/pen/MWoZNOR?editors=1100




    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    
    
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Hyper text markup language is used to make up text to a server 
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    Define additional characteristics or properties of the element such as width and height of an image. 
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    an H1 tag should be used once on a page and it us used as the title of the page more or less.
    
    
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    a tag image tag
    
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    the boiler plate 

    7. What is an id? 
    used to style in CSS

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    the "#' sign is used for ids

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    once

    10. What is a class?
    used to target HTML 
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    HTML

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    multiple

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    a href
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    description of the image

    15. How do I reference an id?
    # sign 

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    divs are sections withing a section used to style in CSS

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    used to add style to HTML

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    {
        h2:underline
    }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    Id is more specific and can be used once on a page class is less specific and can be used multiple times

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .followed by name of the class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p .human{
        color.red
    }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    used to add style to selectors

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    use the line-height property

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    with the letter-spacing property

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    with the text-transform property

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border-style:solid;border-width: thin; border-color

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls -all
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm, you need to be careful because once its gone its permanently deleted

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    It allows you to keep track of changes made to your code over time.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every time you want to save your progress 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    you sign into github, fork the master. copy the link under ssh goto git and type in git clone and paste 
    the link
    

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
